This project presents my codes ragarding to a specific federated learning for LOS/NLOS signal classification on a 5G-NR InF propagation channel. In order to achieve this, the following steps are taken:

1- Given each transmission point, TP = 0 to TP = 17, fir a random a classifier and predict. 

2 - Send this model to a central server. It aggregate predictions and transmit back a universal model for each transmission point, which will to be used to predict LOS/NLOS transmission points. 

Transmitted/received signals and corresponding statistical features can be generated by using IO_setup notebook but you need to contact aamir.mahmud.miun.se to get access to the raw dataset. 
ML application can be tracked in FR_Final notebook and it can be cloned again by two axuilary dataset: XX.npy for input statistical features and YY.npy for output labels (0: LOS received signal, 1:NLOS received signal).
Ensemble learning (EL) class object randomly select a data scaler, dimentionality reduction and classifier object and stack them to a pipeline. This process is repeated for each transmission point (BSs) and the label predictions are saved. 
Integrator class object is a relatively a light CNN that received the prediciton data from the previous step and output 18 binary labels corresponding to a unique reception point and a all transmission points in the enviroument. 

Since the initial phase of predicition is random, you should expect to watch slightly different accuracy and prediction performance. 

#THIS PROJECT IS ONGOING#
#TAKE A LOOK AT JPG files#





